after this became to pass that David
attacked the Philistines and subdued
them and David took mythic amma from the
hand of the Philistines then he defeated
Moab forcing them down to the ground he
measured them off with a lie with two
lines he measured off those to be put to
death and with one full line those to be
kept alive so the Moabites became
David's servants and brought tribute
David also defeated Haddad either the
son of Rhea king of Zola as he went to
recover his territory at the river
Euphrates David took from him 1,000
chariots 700 horsemen and 20,000 foot
soldiers also David hamstrung all the
chariot horses except that he spared
enough of them for 100 chariots
when the Syrians of Damascus came to
help had a diese
king of zobar David killed twenty-two
thousand of the Syrians then David put
Garrison's in Syria of Damascus and the
Syrians became David's servants and
brought tribute so the Lord preserved
David wherever he went and David took
the shields of gold that her belonged to
the servants of had a diese and brought
them to Jerusalem also from beta and
from Bharatha cities of had a visa
King David took a large amount of bronze
when tow i king of Hema heard that David
had defeated all the army of had a diese
then tow I sent Jerome his son to King
David to greet him and bless him because
he had fought against hadiza and
defeated him for Herod Iza had been at
war with tow I and children brought with
him articles of silver articles of gold
and articles of bronze King David also
dedicated these to the Lord along with
the silver and gold that he had
dedicated from all the nations which he
had subdued from Syria from Moab from
the people of Ammon from the Philistines
from Amalek and from the spoil of Haddad
Iza the son of rehab king of Zola and
David made himself a name when he
returned from killing 18,000 Syrians in
the valley of salt he also put
Garrison's in Edom throughout all Edom
he put Garrison's and all the
became David's servants and the Lord
preserved David wherever he went
so David reigned over all Israel and
David administered judgment and justice
to all his people Joab
the son of Zechariah was over the army
Jehoshaphat the son of a high load was
recorded Zadok the son of a high term
and ahem Ehrlich the son of a bi affair
were the priests Surya was the scribe
benaiah the son of jehoiada was over
both the Qura fights and the pillow
fights and David's sons were chief
ministers